# Fruits
-- Name:   Madison Tilden -- Date:   October XX, 2014 -- Course: ITEC 320 Principles of Procedural Programming   -- Purpose: This program is to help a fruit breeder analyze a set of  -- data describing fruit trees and sample pieces of fruit found on those trees.  -- You can enter your data from the command line or from a file -- The input file will contain data on between one and one thousand trees,  -- inclusive, and on between 0 and 20 samples per tree, also inclusive. -- The information for each tree will be a sequence of items as follows: -- The keyword "TREE". -- A tree identification string of exactly 7 letters or digits. -- After a tree identification string come a possibly empty sequence of -- data on fruit samples. Each piece of fruit will be introduced by the -- keyword "FRUIT", followed by three words to describe the following  -- characteristics, in this order: -- Size: small, midsize, large -- Firmness: soft, firm, hard -- Taste: bland, sweet, sour -- A tree with a given ID number can appear more than once in the data. -- Standard input will contain a sequence of commands that will direct  -- the program's output. These commands determine program output and operation, as follows: -- "Trees": Output only Tree id number and number of fruit samples -- "Averages": Output as in Trees, plus the average and standard deviation of each category for each tree. -- "Fruits": Output as in Trees, plus each fruit and average and standard deviation as in Averages -- "Quit": Halt the program
